You've let me down badly.
You know what you have to do.
You're not serious. boss.
I was planning to kill all of you.
But I'll give you a second chance.
If you show me how sorry you are.
An offering for a job.
You can't do it?
I got it.
I'll do it. I'll do it.
Normal. Minnesota.
Normal.
Go there and redeem yourself.
No answer.
What the fuck?
Okay. you sons of bitches!
We fly tonight!
10 fucking hours...
My ass aches.
You got some explaining
to do. don't you?
Yes. I have several explanations.
I don't know what the hell
you guys are talking about!
We must get going.
Bank! Bank!
Don't you get it?
Are we going now or what?
Let's go. hurry up.
You start driving.
How can these assholes get lost
on a straight road!
This is it?
My money better be safe.
-Where's Haru?
-Killed.
And the vault?
Now. who's hungry?